Checkpoint 2 Project - Rubric
Submit Assignment
•	Due Monday by 2pm
 
•	Points 10
 
•	Submitting a website url
Instructions.
You will be creating automation for a simple one page application from scratch.
•	The application can be found here
 (Links to an external site.).
•	The requirements for your automation project and the application can both be found here
 (Links to an external site.).
•	You will need to document your test efforts as well as automate your testing.
•	See the rubric for additional details - 8/10 points are required to pass, and the checkpoint can be re-taken if necessary.
Don't forget to submit the URL for your GitHub repository.
Rubric
Checkpoint 2 Project Rubric
Criteria	Ratings	Pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning OutcomeModules Automated
Each of the five modules in this app (Odds and Evens, etc) need to be sufficiently tested/automated.	5.0 pts
Full Marks	4.0 pts
4/5 Automated Successfully	3.0 pts
3/5 Automated Successfully	2.0 pts
2/5 Automated Successfully	1.0 pts
1/5 Automated Successfully	0.0 pts
No Marks
	5.0 pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning OutcomePage Object Includeed
A page object should be present in your automation.	2.0 pts
Full Marks
The page object is present with all selectors included.	1.0 pts
Some Missing
The page object is present, but not all selectors are included.	0.0 pts
No Marks
The page object is missing or non-functional.
	2.0 pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning OutcomeGitHub
Automation is saved in a GitHub repository.
(You *can* ask for help with this piece)	1.0 pts
Full Marks	0.0 pts
No Marks
	1.0 pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning OutcomeTest Documentation
Your test plan / test cases should be present. Either linked from a comment or included as a text file in your automation.	2.0 pts
Full Marks
Sufficient documentation is present.	1.0 pts
Insufficient Documentation
Test documentation submitted does not adequately explain the testing, or is missing important pieces.	0.0 pts
No Marks
No test documentation was submitted.
	2.0 pts
Total Points: 10.0	 	 
Checkpoint 2 Project Rubric
